# Detection-of-Online-Spread-of-Terrorism.
In the recent times, terrorism has grown in an exponential manner in certain  parts of the world. This enormous growth in terrorist activities has made it  important to stop terrorism and prevent its spread before it causes damage to  human life or property. With development in technology, internet has become a  medium of spreading terrorism through speeches and videos. Terrorist  organizations use the medium of the internet to harm and defame individuals  and also promote terrorist activities through web pages that force people to join  terrorist organizations and commit crimes on the behalf of those organizations.  The basic idea is to stop or reduce spreading of terrorism is to remove all this  accounts. Web is a noteworthy wellspring of spreading psychological warfare  by discourse, content, sound arrangement. Terrorists use internet to persuade  individuals and it paves the way to involve in terrorist activities through  provocative webpage that inspires individuals to involve in terrorist groups and  organization. To execute this thought we need a great deal of human exertion to  gather the data and discover the fear monger gatherings. To reduce the human  effort, we implement the system which detects terrorist groups in social media.  To implement this idea we are in need of a lot of human effort to gather the  information and find out the terrorist groups who are involved in. Thus we  implement this system for major causes which detects terrorist groups in  internet and social media. It paves the way to reduce the human effort.
